>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So we covered
quite a bit of ground yesterday.
And we're going to start with a review,
just to kind of a little conversation,
what did we cover.
A little bit of a review challenge.
And then we get into forms.
And then driven architecture, my favorite.
And we'll take it from there.
But, today my goal is to
expand what we learned
about features or building a feature,
for the most part,
a component and a service.
And extend that knowledge
to include how to actually
construct multiple components and
features.
And how to have them fit together and
work together, because, at least for
me, every non-trivial
application that I've
worked on has has done more
than one thing, usually.
Like you might want to actually register
a user, update some information on or
maybe some collection of, let's say, like
payroll and customer information, etc.
Well, eventually there needs to be kind of
some sanity about how all these features
converge and they communicate and
share state, etc.
So, this is the goal for
today, is expanding on
how we build a single feature,
which is pretty much a component and
a service, to how do we kind of fit
them together and make them talk?
So, the agenda today is we're
going to do a review challenge.
So just to kind of shake off the cobwebs,
and
just go over kind of what we learned,
reinforce it.
And then we'll talk about
template driven forms,
component driven architecture,
server communications.
Then we're going to get into
observable fundamentals.
So observables are easily one of my
favorite things in programming right now.
And from there, reactive forms,
and if we have time, animations.